---
layout: default
title: "Writings : Run for the night"
writingtitle: "Run for the night"
bodyclass: writings single
permalink: /writings/run-for-the-night/page-2/
---

## {{ page.writingtitle }} ##

### Reasoning ###

<aside>
    <ul>
        <li><a href="/writings/run-for-the-night/">The run</a></li>
        <li>Reasoning</li>
        <li><a href="/writings/run-for-the-night/page-3/">Feelings</a></li>
        <li><a href="/writings/run-for-the-night/page-4/">The light</a></li>
    </ul>
</aside>

None of them dared say a word. It seemed like the total darkness clogged
their mouths. But now was not the time to ask questions. He turned around and
started running, He had to get back to her as fast as possible, before it was
too late, before she did something stupid.

‒ What's wrong with him? the woman muttered.

‒ What's wrong with us would be the question. the other man replied. Did you
run here for no reason also?

‒ Yeah, she smiled in the dark, kinda weird.

There was a long silence. Even with their pupils as wide as possible,
absolutely no light could touch their retina. Until the sky exploded into a sea
of fire and blinded them for a moment. And, out of the blue, thousands and
thousands of balls of flames screamed toward the surface in every direction. One
whooshed close to them and pursued the running man. It struck him in the back
and then, nothing was left when the fire died away.

‒ What the hell? the remaining man said, panicking.

He looked at the woman and yelled "watch out" as he saw a ball of fire
heading in their direction. In a sur?naturally quick movement, she side stepped
out of the way the projectile struck him square in the chest. But he didn't feel
anything, he didn't even feel the impact, which threw him metres away. He got
up, like nothing had happened. He saw the woman was lying down. As he
approached, she also got up.

‒ Are you alright? she asked.

‒ Never been better, he replied, did you get hit too?

‒ Yeah, but it actually didn't hurt!

‒ Same for me. He's probably still alive over there, let's go see.

They ran without noticing that everything had slowed down; the wind in the
nearby trees, the clouds of fire, time itself seemed to flow slower that usual.
Quickly, they reached the city they had come from, without any sign of the other
man. Almost each house had a smoldering hole into it. Smoking corpses littered
the streets.

‒ Did they get hit too? the woman asked.

‒ Most probably, he replied, they're still smoking. Apparently, they weren't
as lucky as us.

‒ How come?

‒ I have absolutely no idea. But it might have something to do with our
running aimlessly.

‒ Not aimlessly, towards the sunset.

‒ You got a point.

There was an awkward pause as they both looked into each other's eyes. The
usual ambient noise had died down. For a couple of minutes they stared at each
other. But sobs ripped through the silence and made them look at a near house in
which lights were on. They got in and were surprised to see the other man,
kneeled beside a body. They quickly noticed that the body wasn't charred nor
even a little burned. But blood oozed on the floor, soaking the mat and the
corpse's clothing. He had his head resting on her chest, his shoulders
shuddering slowly. The two standing ones thought better than talk to him. They
went and sat on a couch.

‒ She was dead before the fire struck everywhere, The man whispered.

‒ I know, she answered, I think she slit her throat.

‒ She was his girlfriend you think?

‒ Yeah.

The other man wouldn't stop crying and muttering to himself.

‒ I'm going to use one of the beds, I'm stabbed.

‒ Me too.