---
layout: default
title: "Writings : I just want to dream"
writingtitle: "I just want to dream"
summary: "Dream and let dream..."
date: 2005-10-26 12:00:00
bodyclass: writings single
category: writings
permalink: /writings/i-just-want-to-dream/
---

## {{ page.writingtitle }} ##

I am still but a kid. As I grow up, I feel the need to stay young. I want to
remain a kid no matter how old I get. I want to be able to dream anything.
Dream. Dream and believe in those dreams. I can’t stand growing up, I can’t
stand realizing what life really is. No matter how stupid my dreams may seem, no
matter how fantastic and weird they may seem, I am destroyed inside when they
die.. Or when they are killed. I know they are only dreams, hard to reach,
sometimes impossible, but I don’t care. I like to live in my own little personal
world where I am King, Knight and everything else. I do not need nor want anyone
to tell my how life is hard, I don’t need nor want anyone to tell me what to do
for my own good. I want to dream. Even if it means dreaming my life. Those who
say you should live your dream and not dream your life should shut up. What is
good for them isn’t for us. I can find my own way by myself. I will do as I
please and dream as I please. I’m sad when I’m talking about one of my dreams
and someone says that it’s fun that I dream this, but it’s really hard and
blahblahblah... This is not the thing to do. If it’s hard, either I already know
it, or I don’t care, sometime soon, it’ll smash into my face by itself. I do NOT
need anyone to bitchslap me in the face when I feel happy. I can get over stuff
without others. I’d rather have my dreams shatter over themselves than someone
killing them. Have you ever realized how hard it is to be shot down with a
single sentence, even a single word? How annoying it is to deal with all that
ensues? The pain, the sorrow, the anger, the fear, the need for destruction...
Hope is done to live with, this is what dreams do. How bad can it be to hope?
What can it do to you? Nothing. Live and let live. Take care of your life before
taking care of others’. I know everyone tells you to exteriorise your emotions.
But do NOT mess with mine!

The only thing I want is to be myself. I want to fly, I want to be part of
something important, I want to live through a fantastic tale of courage and
honour, I want to sing, I want to drive as fast as possible, I want to be a
knight, I want to be the king of the world, I want to be invincible, I want... I
want... I want to dream...

I dream that I will live forever on...