---
layout: default
title: "Writings : Jump"
writingtitle: "Jump"
summary: "The story of a hard love, where thoughts transfer into actions."
date: 2006-11-09 12:00:00
bodyclass: writings single
category: writings
permalink: /writings/jump/
---

## {{ page.writingtitle }} ##

<aside>
    <ul>
        <li>Chapter 1: Jump</li>
        <li><a href="/writings/jump/page-2/">Chapter 2: Reminiscence</a></li>
    </ul>
</aside>

“This is where it ended” I thought to myself as I looked at the highway exit.
“This is the moment that made me change my life, change it all”. I had been
there, almost died. All for what? I can’t really tell. I am still not sure if
all has happened only in my head or if it is all completely real. All I remember
from that morning is the adrenaline, the rush, the confusion, the stress, the
fact that the only escape... was speed. Speed through the lanes, between the
cars, speed of the wheel in my hands. The speed of the power metal blasting
through my speakers. Speed. The exhilaration made me forget everything. I do not
know if it was a good idea to forget it all because when I remembered. It was
the worst feeling I could have ever lived. I had betrayed someone. I had
betrayed three years of relationship. But it was impossible for me to go back, I
had wanted it, I had made the first steps. She... she had only followed her
heart and my lead. And then, did I regret it? I guess not, I still took a cold
shower, put my ideas back in place and raced to work. That was on the fifth day.
The first day had only been random conversation over dinner at work. Nothing
interesting, maybe the fact that I helped her finish her work before going home.
I went to bed.

The second day was the same, a whole dinner with her, talking and laughing.
Was there something more to it? Sure I thought she was beautiful, stunning and
had beautiful eyes. But I didn’t think more than that. And there I went home.
Went to see my family, my friends and have fun for a bit. Nothing special
inhabited my mind, everything was as usual and my bed ever so comfortable.

The third day, I spoke with her a bit at work and she asked for help to
repair her computer. I said I could try, but I couldn’t guarantee anything as I
didn’t have any proper tools for the job. We went to her place and I tried. But
it was hopeless, a forgotten password kills. But it didn’t stop us from enjoying
each other’s company for the whole night. We talked, about anything, everything,
without a single second of silence. It was like nothing could stop us, we always
had something to add to the other’s story. But, unfortunately, morning came and
she had to go to work. I went home, a smile on my face, pondering over the fact
that she was a new friend, an awesome friend even. Maybe then my head thought it
was more than just casual conversation. I went to bed.

Fourth day. I had told her that I would get something to get her password
back and she told me that we could go out this very evening. I went home,
showered, changed and headed to her home. There she was with her friend, waiting
for me. I got the computer back in shape. We talked a bit, laughed and headed to
the Loft. Friday night is a weird night to go out, the dance floor was almost
empty until midnight, when we decided to dance with the rest of the people. She
was fun to dance with, not necessarily a superb dancer, but I knew she had fun.
I was also complimented on my dancing by her and her friend. I’m apparently one
of the best they had seen. But anyway, I brought them back and went to bed.

On the fifth day... nothing happened at all. She wasn’t working and I went
through the day like any other day of my summer; work, games, sleep. On Sunday,
the sixth day. She came to see me after her shift ended and we talked a bit. She
told me that she had found that “The fast and the furious: Tokyo drift” was
still playing and that she wanted to go. I told her we could go together
tonight. She asked me to pick her up after my shift. And so I did. I took a
quick shower home while she used my computer and we drove downtown. After the
movie, we went back to her place again. We talked again, albeit closer to each
other. We talked... for hours. How can it be told? It was obvious that she liked
me, that she didn’t accept to go to the movies with me just cause she felt like
it. It was also obvious that I was attracted. But here it was, the big and
disturbing problem at that moment. I was not single. I was with a wonderful girl
that was currently on a trip.