---
layout: default
title: "Writings : Untitled"
writingtitle: "Untitled"
summary: "The time of celebration is over, times are getting tougher..."
date: 2006-10-29 12:00:00
bodyclass: writings single
category: writings
permalink: /writings/untitled/
---

## {{ page.writingtitle }} ##

### Prologue ###

<aside>
    <ul>
        <li>Prologue</li>
        <li><a href="/writings/untitled/page-2/">Chapter 1: Destruction</a></li>
    </ul>
</aside>

The air disintegrated as the double coloured beam hissed through the
corridor. During their fast travel, they started swirling around each other and
finally melted into one bright beam that cracked the air around it. The guard
turned around, unaware of the danger the sound brought with itself. The only
thing he saw was a bright light just before the door exploded and sent him
flying all the way through the room. He crashed on the wall and dozens of wooden
splinters tore his flesh and muscles apart. The other person in the room, the
prisoner, was familiar with this particular hiss and had jumped behind a fallen
table for protection just as sharp, killing splinters flew past her. What had
not exploded in the door was now slowly transforming into molten slag because of
the heat, creating a thick smoke. A silhouette slowly drew itself through the
vapour, guns still flashing with energy. The prisoner almost jumped into its
arms and yelled: “You came for me!”.

<hr>

‒ You have to get up, said the guard.

‒ That would be considered hard in my position right now.

‒ Would you like me to help you, _sir_? he replied sarcastically,
drawing closer.

‒ I’d like to follow you, but you guys thought it would be a good idea to
break my legs. I guess it’s your loss right now buddy.

‒ Whatever you say. Just don’t complain on the way up there.

The guard grabbed the prisoner’s leg and walked out of the filthy cell. He
dragged him for 10 minutes, through ugly corridors and disgusting staircases to
finally throw him on the floor of a room where only a desk and a giant chair
stood.

‒ Well hi there, Mister Evil, nagged the prisoner. What are you up to
recently? Oh yeah, I forgot, you want to take over the world with _Them_?

‒ Of course I am, replied the man in the chair as he turned around to face
his interlocutor. What else could I do with such power I hold?

‒ I don’t know, maybe something a little more fun. Like having a hobby or
something.

‒ Funny, maybe I won’t kill you after all, you could be my own private
jester, telling jokes and all.

‒ Funny, I think I’ve figured out something, said the wounded man as he got
up on one leg. I think I’ve figured out what you are doing all this for.

‒ Are you serious? Well, guess what? I don’t really care about what you
think.

As he said the last sentence in a low and arrogant voice, he pulled his
pistol out and pointed at the other man’s face. A grin appeared on his face when
he said: “I’m not your usual kind of guy you know?” The trigger was pulled and
the gun fired its energy bullet. The prisoner felt his mind shatter into a
million pieces while his body collapsed and tumbled on the dirty floor.