---
layout: default
title: "Writings : Untitled"
writingtitle: "Untitled"
bodyclass: writings single
permalink: /writings/untitled/page-2/
---

## {{ page.writingtitle }} ##

### Chapter 1: Destruction ###

<aside>
    <ul>
        <li><a href="/writings/untitled/">Prologue</a></li>
        <li>Chapter 1: Destruction</li>
    </ul>
</aside>

It was a beautiful afternoon. The headmaster of the university was standing
in front of his pedestal, ready to make his speech. The thousand or so students
that had made it all the way through the training were standing at attention.
Most of them had a satisfactory smile on their faces. Silence was made when the
old master started talking.

‒ I am now very happy to tell you that you have all passed the final tests and
that you have been accepted into the United Nations’ Elite Strike Force. You
must remember that this is no small honour, you will have the opportunity to
fight our enemies, decimate them and claim victory. At the end of the day, you
will be issued a real uniform, your real weapons and you will be shipped to the
UN’s headquarters to be assigned a position somewhere in our world. Our enemies,
the Nighters, shall not be spared by our unyielding force, they will...

He was cut short by gunfire coming from outside the University’s wall. The
gigantic turrets around the building fired in all directions, but no one seemed
to know what was going on.

‒ Let us not be interrupted, said the headmaster, our defences are way too
strong for any intruder to come in here...

He could not say the last word of his sentence as his head was suddenly and
violently ripped off his body. Blood pissed all over the place. It seemed to
stick to something behind the floating head. All of a sudden, a weird creature
appeared right behind the dead body, screaming in victory as he threw the head
down on the ground. Blood dripped down his chest. All the students moved at the
same time, all going for a nearby weapon. It seemed like outside the walls,
there was a million of them as the walls shook under the walking of so many
Nighters. Enemy ships came from the east, covering the whole sky, hiding the sun
under their majesty. In between the running and riot was one woman that knew
where she really had to go. It was straight in hell, where the enemies had come
from, the east, the weapons depot. This is where the new technologies were
stacked and she had to get her hands on it to have a chance of survival. As she
exited the institution’s main building, she saw something she could had never
imagined. Thousands upon thousands upon thousands of Nighters were there. She
could see the Drones in front of the running enemies, the little bastards were
ready to blow themselves up to take anyone with them. Behind them were the
Hoches. They were as tall as two humans, as powerful as twenty men and as fierce
as tigers. There were so many of them she could not see the horizon. Right
behind the bipedal creatures were the gigantic Heftigs. Those huge quadruped
creatures stood about fourteen metres tall while they took 12 metres of width.
They had six gigantic sharpened tusks that could move and cut anything that came
in range. They always followed the Hoches, mowing down anything that got in the
way. All of them were running towards the university like raging animals. It
seems nothing could stop them as she saw soldiers getting engulfed under the
running riot. But she could only see this, paying attention would mean a loss of
time. And time was of the essence, she had only one goal: the new technology
department, where she could find something to assure her survival. She ran
straight past a company of soldiers fighting for their lives against the many
Hoches that had gotten close to the buildings.

She rammed the door open and stopped, looked around and spotted the big
crates that were labelled as new. She pried the top open and got geared. She
cursed under her heavy breath as she tried to fit too many weapons on her
ceremonial suit. Apparently, they had not thought about combat when they gave
her this. A small top with a short skirt under a long half‒dress. She still
managed to find a gear belt onto which she strapped a couple of self‒sticking
energy grenades and an energy‒sword’s handle. She had no idea what it was. But
that was how it was labelled in the crate. She thought it would most probably
come in handy later. On her upper legs, she harnessed two charging pistols with
enhanced energy compression. She slung a high‒energy sniper rifle and a
low‒recoil automatic rifle. She picked an energy shotgun as her weapon of
choice. She’d need the large impact to get through the mass of Nighters. She
then closed her eyes and wished for luck.

It was hell outside. Dozens of Drones made it past the automated turrets and
blew themselves up on the walls and sometimes on bunkers, where helpless
soldiers died, leaving only charred corpses. There were a couple of spots where
task forces had established a small perimeter of security and kept the enemies
at bay, having survivors coming in to help them once in a while. They were even
starting to push the Nighters back, many made courageous moves to gain some
terrain, but it all went downhill when the Zeugs flew in. Those weird, organic,
fleshy flying beasts had the power to turn the battle over. They zoomed over the
battlefield dropping bombs on anything that didn’t look like it was on their
side. Squads were blown to smithereens, buildings crumbled to the ground in
seconds as the tide of battle turned against the soldiers of the university. The
woman watched calmly, flattened against the inner wall of the weapons depot,
waiting for an opening. She took in a deep breath, exhaled slowly and ran out of
hiding. The ground shook under the heavy weight of the army of Nighters. The
horizon was hidden behind the Heftigs and the sky was blackened by the Zeugs.
She screamed a war cry to heighten her strength and ran straight towards them,
unleashing her energy through her shotgun.

<hr>

They were running as fast as possible but it never felt like it was fast enough.
When you have a hundred Hoches behind you, you never run fast enough. When you
left someone down in the middle of hell, you never run away from you conscience.
But it had to be done. He knew it, she knew it, everybody knew it. His sergeant
was the first to reach the top of the hill, he jumped over it and yelled into
the communication link.

‒ As soon as you hit the floor, hit the switch blue‒three, understand me?

‒ Yes, sir, replied blue‒three.

But he was thinking way too much to do it immediately, she was still down there,
he had been ordered to leave her. She told him to leave. He had done it, but he
wish he had stayed there.

‒ Tell me we’ll see each other again, he said on a private link to blue‒five.
Say it to me.

‒ We will, now, you better hit the switch, she responded.

‒ I will. Good bye.

He arrived at the top of the hill and dove straight down the other side of the
hill.

‒ Do it soldier! he heard as he flew in the air.

He hit the switch and a resounding thunder echoed over the mountain and light
filled everything. The bomb had blown and everything in the valley on the other
side was dead, along with his conscience.

The soldier rolled down the hill, making sure he got at the bottom without hurt.
As soon as he hit flat ground, he raised his automatic rifle up, pointing at the
top of the hill, waiting to see if there were any survivors coming. But there
weren’t. Nothing nor nobody came.

‒ Let’s get back to base people, on the double, yelled the sergeant.