---
layout: default
title: "Writings : Life might be everything"
writingtitle: "Life might be everything"
summary: "A young man encounters a different girl."
date: 2005-02-20 12:00:00
bodyclass: writings single
category: writings
permalink: /writings/life-might-be-everything/
---

## {{ page.writingtitle }} ##

<aside>
    <ul>
        <li><a href="/writings/life-isnt-everything/">Life isn't everything</a></li>
    </ul>
</aside>

Random thoughts: adjectives were created to make people feel like crap.

Or so I thought as I walked in the brownish snow littering the sidewalk.
Reaching the bus stop, I can observe the other public transportation users,
waiting, freezing in the “unbearable” temperature, dressed as if it was Spring.
As I look at the bus “finally” arriving, I see that, as always, the first half
of the vehicle is completely packed while the back is empty. I have to push my
way through livid‒eyed soulless life‒forms that firmly clench the holding bars,
in fear that they might lose their precious spot. For five minutes, I stand and
am wobbled around by the chaotic road or chaotic driving, whichever you prefer
to bitch. When we get to the subway station, most of the seated people get ready
to get up, to walk out faster. And as the mob quickly fills out the bus, a part
starts running towards the entrance, not wanting to lose those precious five
minutes they took to snooze. However, I walk my pace, face up, gazing into the
distance, not scared of what is up ahead, unlike those creatures, who stare so
hard at the ground. I appreciate every ounce of oxygen that my lungs pull
through my system, all the way to my cells. I politely turn down the newspaper
given out by an old man, refusing to be manipulated as the mass which believes
in anything and everything they are told. Suddenly, coming out of another bus, a
girl catches my focus. I stare at her beautiful blonde hair, green eyes and
perfectly smooth face while still waddling forward. I bump into a fairly old man
to whom I quickly apologize without succeeding in completely killing his newly
reinforced resentment against youth. I rapidly turn around, scanning for those
beautiful hairs. Gone.

When I cross the entrance’s door, I hear the sound of the leaving train. I
slowly walk down the stairs and go to my usual waiting spot, where I’ll board
the sixth wagon. But, astonishingly, I see a blonde fluff of hair, squatting my
spot. I can see that she must have ran to catch the train, for she was breathing
heavily. Nevertheless, it was futile, she could only stand there, frowning and
most probably mentally bitching the transportation service. I sit on the bench,
looking at the magnificence of her blonde hair and at the way she’s dressed. One
word suddenly bursts into my mind.

‒ Beautiful.

It came out alone, I never thought I’d say it out loud. The girl turns
around, forcing her eyes through mine, still bearing her cold emotionless face.
I am hypnotized.

‒ What is? she asks.

‒ You, I slowly answer.

The world turns over in a second. Joy renders her beautiful face sublime, her
skin blushes and her lips form a shy smile. A moment passes before she blurts
out words: “Thank you”. “Cute” I think. But I brutally remember my thoughts this
morning.

Random thoughts: adjectives, used properly, can be someone’s eternal
sunshine.

All my life I shall remember how that word made this girl so happy.

Trying to look unshaken, with hey smile showing off, she sits by me.

‒ You just made my day, you know! she says.

‒ I know, I answer.

‒ I had just missed the train, but I guess it was worth it.

She winks at me. I peek into her superb green eyes. As the next train’s noise
is heard, she jumps to her feet. It then hits me square in the face. She’s one
of them! Those soulless people I’ve always despised. Can I face this? Can I bare
the idea of liking a girl who’s one of them? The doors of the wagon part before
us and I sit by her. Is that smile ever going to fade? I wonder if she is only
happy now or maybe I seriously have changed her whole life. If she might start
walking face up, now convinced she’s worth showing, if she might now be
different from them.

I don’t realize she has been looking at me since we’ve boarded the train.

‒ You’re beautiful as well, you know? she says, out of the blue, blushing.

My world is shaken badly, I have to smile, I just cannot resist the warm face
she has.

‒ Thanks, I mutter.

‒ You’re different, she continues, other guys would’ve just stared at me, or
my ass. But you had the decency of not doing that.

‒ I guess it can’t hurt to be nice, huh?

‒ Yeah, that’s what I thought to. People mile around, minding their own
business, thinking that life is everything, that they have to do so much stuff
to be happy and to make others happy, while a simple word can change someone’s
life.

‒ Philosophical all of a sudden?

‒ Hey sorry, I get out at this station.

‒ Oh, well, I hope we’ll see each other again. May I ask your name.

‒ Emily.

‒ I’m...

She cut me short.

‒ I won’t need your name to remember you.

She was already up. The doors opened before her and she walked out. My eyes
followed her. She slowly started disappearing, her body becoming air. Gone
again.


__I never saw her again.__